Part 1
------

a) What is the value of the 'char*' argument that was passed to the print_scrambled() function?
For bad massage it was 0, for good message it was 0x400951.

b) What would you guess is the cause of the segfault, based on your answer to (a)?
Since the print scrambled function only changes the value of the characters of the char pointer passed
in if the first char isn't null, the scrambled_char was never given value for the econd call. I believe 
if you tried calling print_scrambled(bad_message) first it would've resulted in a compilation error since
scrambled char was never put on the stack. Either way, scrambled_char isn't on the stack so it can't be cout'ed.

Part 2
------

a) In which function did the segfault occur?

The segfault occured in the setit function.

b) Which line of the source code (unmodified) caused the segfault?

Line 11

c) Who is the caller of this function?

main

d) What line caused the value of 'number' to change? (Write out the line of code; don't just put the line number by itself.)

  strcpy(buffer, message);

d) According to the expected logic of that line of code, should it cause the value of number to change?

strcpy seems to only "reroute" one char pointer (buffer) to a source char pointer(message), so it shouldn't affect number.

e) In that case, why do you think the value of number may have been changed by that line?

strcpy returns a destination, so I don't know why the value of number changed. Maybe because function is made for 
C it does something weird in C++.
f) What happened that caused the program to crash? (since simply changing the value of a local variable normally would not)

Potentially incompatable libraries if the function is made for C language.

Part 3
------

a) Based on the output from valgrind, why is the write on line 18 "invalid"?

Because it's trying to access an int from the array that is past it's declaration of int array with 4 ints. (i <=size)

b) What line tried to access an uninitialized variable in your code? (Write otu the line of code; don't just put the line number by itself.)
36, cout << "Sliding Average: " << avg << endl;

c) Which variable was declared but never initialized in example3.cpp?

avg
